I spared your life last time,
I never thought it would be possible to meet.
Use something cold. Up the valley.
Why are you on top?
Up the valley. There must be a mistake.
How could he go down to the valley? He is the actor who silently spends money on Qin Wen.
Transport hole. What is Ren Zhi doing?
Really. I heard that our Dragon God has one tiger and four valleys.
I saw them all today. I'm really looking for some insight.
Lin Xia Gu is working for Bo Ping An.
Maybe, you can really bring up the idea of ​​Gao Jia to remain with the Dragon God.
Waste words. I asked the master to wipe you today.
Give me a break
Say hello to the Seven and Nine Four Heads
I don't mind taking you with me
who is he
The four of them are the gods of Dragon City
A clever liar
I have been lying to Long Chong for many years
This is absolutely impossible